Add support for `azurerm_kubernetes_automatic_cluster` (#32215)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/kubernetes_automatic_cluster.html.markdown

  name                = "example-aks1"
  location            = azurerm_resource_group.example.location
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.example.name

  identity {
    type = "SystemAssigned"
  }

  tags = {
    Environment = "Production"
  }
}

output "client_certificate" {
  value     = azurerm_kubernetes_automatic_cluster.example.kube_config[0].client_certificate
  sensitive = true
}

output "kube_config" {
  value = azurerm_kubernetes_automatic_cluster.example.kube_config_raw

  sensitive = true
}
```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the Managed Kubernetes Cluster to create. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) The location where the Managed Kubernetes Cluster should be created. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group_name` - (Required) Specifies the Resource Group where the Managed Kubernetes Cluster should exist. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `identity` - (Required) An `identity` block as defined below.

---

* `api_server_access` - (Optional) An `api_server_access` block as defined below.

> * `hosted_system` - (Optional) An `hosted_system` block as defined below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `hosted_system` - (Optional) A `hosted_system` block as defined below.
```

 
* `private_cluster` - (Optional) An `private_cluster` block as defined below.

* `web_app_routing_ingress` - (Optional) An `web_app_routing_ingress` block as defined below.

> * `service_mesh` - (Optional) An `service_mesh` block as defined below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `private_cluster` - (Optional) A `private_cluster` block as defined below.

* `web_app_routing_ingress` - (Optional) A `web_app_routing_ingress` block as defined below.

* `service_mesh` - (Optional) A `service_mesh` block as defined below.
```

* `identity_ids` - (Optional) Specifies a list of User Assigned Managed Identity IDs to be assigned to this Kubernetes Cluster.

~> **Note:** This is required when `type` is set to `UserAssigned`.

---

A `service_mesh` block supports the following:

* `revisions` - (Required) Specify `1` or `2` Istio control plane revisions for managing minor upgrades using the canary upgrade process. For example, create the resource with `revisions` set to `["asm-1-27"]`. To start the canary upgrade, change `revisions` to `["asm-1-27", "asm-1-28"]`. To roll back the canary upgrade, revert to `["asm-1-27"]`. To confirm the upgrade, change to `["asm-1-28"]`.

-> **Note:** Upgrading to a new (canary) revision does not affect existing sidecar proxies. You need to apply the canary revision label to selected namespaces and restart pods with kubectl to inject the new sidecar proxy. [Learn more](https://istio.io/latest/docs/setup/upgrade/canary/#data-plane).

* `internal_ingress_gateway_enabled` - (Optional) Is Istio Internal Ingress Gateway enabled? Defaults to `false`.

> * `external_ingress_gateway_enabled` - (Optional) Is Istio External Ingress Gateway enabled? Defaults to `false`.

Reviewer: Minor but can these be changed to statements instead of questions? e.g. `Whether the Istio External Ingress Gateway is enabled.

-> **Note:** Currently only one Internal Ingress Gateway and one External Ingress Gateway are allowed per cluster

> * `proxy_redirect_mechanism` - (Optional) The mechanism used to redirect application traffic to the Istio sidecar proxy. Possible values are `CNIChaining` and `InitContainers`. Defaults to `InitContainers`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer: This is not marked ForceNew in schema

Reviewer: Unresolved

---

A `certificate_authority` block supports the following:

* `key_vault_id` - (Required) The resource ID of the Key Vault.

* `root_certificate_object_name` - (Required) The root certificate object name in Azure Key Vault.

* `certificate_chain_object_name` - (Required) The certificate chain object name in Azure Key Vault.

* `certificate_object_name` - (Required) The intermediate certificate object name in Azure Key Vault.

* `key_object_name` - (Required) The intermediate certificate private key object name in Azure Key Vault.

-> **Note:** For more information on [Istio-based service mesh add-on with plug-in CA certificates and how to generate these certificates](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/istio-plugin-ca),

---

A `web_app_routing_ingress` block supports the following:

* `dns_zone_ids` - (Optional) Specifies the list of the DNS Zone IDs in which DNS entries are created for applications deployed to the cluster when Web App Routing is enabled. If not using Bring-Your-Own DNS zones this property should be set to an empty list.

> * `default_nginx_controller` - (Optional) Specifies the ingress type for the default `NginxIngressController` custom resource. The allowed values are `None`, `Internal`, `External` and `AnnotationControlled`. Defaults to `None`. Exactly one of `default_nginx_controller` or `istio_enabled` must be specified.

Reviewer: `None` is not an option, Defaults to `None` can be removed and could you update `the allowed values are` to `The possible values are` matching our documentation guidance

`Exactly on of ...` is also inaccurate, schema defines these as `at least one of`. This can also be moved to a note under `istio_enabled` given these 2 properties are right after one another

> * `istio_enabled` - (Optional) Should the Istio-based ingress be enabled for Web App Routing? Defaults to `false`. Exactly one of `default_nginx_controller` or `istio_enabled` must be specified.

Reviewer: Same `exactly one of` inaccuracy as above

---

A `hosted_system` block supports the following:

* `node_subnet_id` - (Required) The ID of the Subnet where the user nodes are hosted. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `system_node_subnet_id` - (Required) The ID of the Subnet where the system nodes are hosted. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

A `private_cluster` block supports the following:

> * `public_fully_qualified_domain_name_enabled` - (Optional) Should a Public FQDN be provisioned for the private cluster? Defaults to `false`.

Reviewer: Change to statement

* `certificate_authority` - (Optional) A `certificate_authority` block as defined below. This configuration allows you to bring your own root certificate and keys for Istio CA in the Istio-based service mesh add-on for Azure Kubernetes Service.

---

A `certificate_authority` block supports the following:

* `key_vault_id` - (Required) The resource ID of the Key Vault.

* `root_certificate_object_name` - (Required) The root certificate object name in Azure Key Vault.

* `certificate_chain_object_name` - (Required) The certificate chain object name in Azure Key Vault.

* `certificate_object_name` - (Required) The intermediate certificate object name in Azure Key Vault.

* `key_object_name` - (Required) The intermediate certificate private key object name in Azure Key Vault.

-> **Note:** For more information on [Istio-based service mesh add-on with plug-in CA certificates and how to generate these certificates](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/istio-plugin-ca),

---

A `web_app_routing_ingress` block supports the following:

> * `dns_zone_ids` - (Optional) Specifies the list of the DNS Zone IDs in which DNS entries are created for applications deployed to the cluster when Web App Routing is enabled. If not using Bring-Your-Own DNS zones this property should be set to an empty list.

Reviewer: This shouldn't be necessary, could you clarify this bit?

`If not using Bring-Your-Own DNS zones this property should be set to an empty list.`

We generally avoid requiring users to set empty values in config (whether that is a list, string, object, or other types), omission of the argument should do the same thing
